Need out here this is really where we start to deviate from the traditional Facebook Marketing playbook.
Really all you do is hit edit placements and what are you going to do here is you're going to see that
it's already checked everything.
Right.
So it's set up for Facebook is set up for messenger ads meaning people are using Facebook Messenger
will see this.
And so you want to click everything that's not related to Instagram.
OK.
Here we go.
Now we're focused solely on Instagram.
You know there's two different ones.
It's the feed and the stories.
Now typically speaking you could make one.
And that works for both but it's generally a bad idea.
Why.
Because stories are a different size.
You don't have to shoot them in that vertical portrait ratio.
And then also a story last 15 seconds where as a feed can last up to 60 seconds so unless your ideal
hand just happens to be 10 seconds to or whatever 14 seconds 15 seconds it's probably the best case
that you just do two separate ones one for the future one for the stories.
So let's just uncheck stories for now and then later on we'll do stories.
OK.
Then when notice up here it says device types and typically they recommend that you do mobile and desktop
and give you a little bit of a hint just in general with advertising.
If you want to sell something or get some type of engagement like a lead gen or something like that
desktops are always better than mobile mobile is going to be cheaper and it's easier to display ads
on mobile.
But people who use mobile apps are just less likely to buy something.
However zuñi keep in mind Instagram does not have a lot of people using their web version Enscribe tries
very hard to force people to only use their mobile version so keep that in mind.
I usually just say all devices anyway.
Doesn't matter.
I can always drill them later and decide if I don't like that.
Down here I could say specific mobile devices if I wanted to basically iOS or Android I don't see any
reason why only when connected to Wi-Fi that's a really weird one that you might want to drill down
on.
Doesn't really matter.
Now down here we have the budget and schedule now you can do a daily budget or a lifetime budget.
Now if I say a daily budget $20 Well that's what I'll spend throughout the day and what's going to determine
how it spends that money.
Here is schedule.
Now if I had a lifetime budget I would say lifetime budget and it automatically multiplies it to 350.
OK.
Now if you have a lifetime budget and let's say 350.
That doesn't mean that it's going to spread out $350 over the rest of your life or over this time period
we set here.
What I will do is it all follow other parameters here and I'll try to get you the best clicks and when
you run out it will automatically just start for you.
Doing a lifetime budget you obviously have to set a start and end because it needs to know over what
time period am I supposed to be spending this money.
So let's just say a daily budget that's simpler to use.
And also if you're trying to run an ad it makes a lot more sense.
Certainly if you're in the early stages of testing that we could just set it up such that it's let's
say it's like five bucks a day and I can just say 10 bucks a day and to see how it doesn't and maybe
after a day or two I can turn it off if it's not doing well.
Now I can just say run mad at continuously starting today.
That simple visit for the most part just means it will start running immediately.
I might set a schedule start and end date.
For instance I was running a promotion and only applied to a certain time period that would help me
such that I don't run ads during a period where it's not optimal.
Now here we have optimization for ad delivery so we have link Clix landing page views impressions and
Alieni Creech.
Honestly this is something that more advanced marketers will do.
But basically Facebook's looking for one specific metric to optimize for.
So if you're going for Link clicks they're going to really get you the most of those.
If you're trying to drive someone to a Web site and landing page views is what they'll try to go for
and see what what's the difference.
Well because if someone clicks a link and they exit out before they get to the landing page and they
don't even sit on your lazy page long second that person doesn't count.
So you click this one instead what's going to happen is they're going to look for people who tend to
stick on your page don't click and just immediately leave and then it'll build a profile over time of
the types of people that are doing this and they'll start to drive your ads towards those people.
All things like impressions and Dayle unique reach those are just simpler things that you know if it's
impressions maybe you're only going for brand recognition and you really care if they click on your
AD.
So that's what they're going to do is try to get you the cheapest impressions possible.
Typically you don't know you're doing just go for Link clicks unless for some reason again you're just
trying to like get your name out there.
Then in that case you might do impressions if you want to you can do what's called a setting a bid cap
right here.
It's not generally something I recommend if you don't know what you're doing.
But typically what's going to happen is that it's an auction system so every time a user is scrolling
through Instagram they have a system the back and that's negotiating between different advertisers whoever
is going to pay the most and has the best quality score or like Google calls relevancy score is going
to get shown.
So if let's say you're selling something through a post and it's a really expensive item let's say you're
Kaspar over here and you're selling mattresses that are you know five hundred dollars.
Well you could probably pay a lot more per click.
You should have some idea of what the likelihood of that person going to your pages and converting you
don't know then typically I'd just like to turn off the bid cap and then see how much it ends up costing
and once I get some real traffic I can see what the value of that is.
And then I can start to go backwards and budget and it's all pretty important that you let your daily
limit be pretty conservative because you don't want to run out of money before you can figure out how
to tune this thing correctly.
Now the last thing you'll notice here is delivery type and what you can do is you can run an accelerated
delivery type.
So basically what that means is if I had a $20 daily budget and I wanted to do a standard that means
that it's going to spread it out throughout the day.
But if I was really impatient let's say or I'm running a test I want to get information as soon as possible.
I can run an accelerated test and I would basically spend your money rapidly and soon as it hits the
daily limit and the lifetime limit stop and then you have it's daily limit the next day it'll start
again.
So for these for the most part doesn't really matter and is going to continue.
OK now we have to choose our identity.
You can have it related directly to a Facebook page or directly to an Instagram page so you have an
entry and add your account just add your account here it's pretty easy.
OK so once we add our account shows up like that make sure that you've selected the correct Facebook
page otherwise you'll have trouble connecting that.
Now it gives us the option of picking a format.
We have carousels single images single videos slideshows which are basically stick a bunch of images
and slides for you and then collections which are really not worth playing around with.
Aren't here what you can do if you want to.
And it's called the instant experience.
This takes a little bit more time to play around it.
But if you do want to do it what ends up happening is once they click the and it will open up into a
different page that kind of takes over the whole screen.
This can be kind of useful if you're trying to give a little bit more of a brand appearance to what
you're doing so you kind of see right here for instance if let's say we were not going to direct people
direct to our Web site.
We could have them click the page and then take us to this form page right here and right and then we
could use that as a lead generation or we could create our own in app page right here that shows for
instance like products we're selling.
So maybe they're not specifically interested in just that product they could be interested in more.
Usually this is more of an advance strategy and it depends on what you're selling when you're just driving
traffic and it shouldn't really be that complicated.
So it's a single video.
OK so now for the video we're at here we can upload whatever it is we want.
You could use a post that you've had before.
I'm just going you the posts that we've actually used as a promotional post before in the past.
So once that's uploading I'll show you.
Don't hear what else we have going on.
So right here we select the link type for your.
And if you're doing a Facebook event well then you could promote it through Instagram and then have
them go directly to a Facebook event.
It's assuming they have Facebook on their phone which most people do if it's just a Web site that you
could just go to a Web site.
Also Similarly if you want to drive them messenger you can change it at this point.
But we've already established before that we're not doing that.
Here you have to give a web site you are all.
So it just depends on what it was.
You know if I had innovations station as a web site I could say let's drive them to that.
Then we could say you know whatever the specific item was see maybe those finger keyboard tools that
we talked about in the boosting post section.
OK.
And we're still waiting for this upload.
So there isn't then though we have a text.
We'll have our call to action will have multiple language formats if we want to.
And then if we want to set a Facebook pixel.
But for us this isn't terribly important.
All right now that the video has uploaded took a little bit video file itself was actually kind of large.
You can preview it right here.
One item designed has proved to be old.
It's the same square ratio that you need for a feed post.
So we can see it right here actually.
So this little look like a sponsored will say learn more to take us to the Web site.
Unfortunately you cannot drive them directly back to your own Instagram account through this if you
want to do that.
You just have to post this as a regular post and then boost it like we did in the previous lectures
so keep that in mind although I don't know why you want to do it to the Facebook advertisement platform
versus just say the mobile one with Instagram.
Visually the same features.
OK.
Then you can choose your call to action.
Typically you want to pick whatever makes the most sense.
And generally speaking if you're trying to sell something still trying to do something that's like a
learn more is very easy light sell or if you had something like by now it's typically going to turn
off a lot of people even if they're interested.
So keep that in mind.
All right so that's pretty much it.
And then if I wanted to run this I would just confirm then it would go through a review process and
then I'd be able to check over the analytics as it runs.
All right guys that is it for now.
Now you know the basics of how to run through Facebook advertising platform and to set up an Instagram
specific feed post.
Now in the next set of lectures we'll go over story posts will actually just start from the section
of here where we go to the ad set so that we don't have to go all the way from the beginning to show
you how are you targeting and geographic demographics and interests and things like that.
OK.
See the.